Add base agenda for Monthly meeting 2019 06 (#31)
codebar/barcelona: processes/org-monthly-meetings/minutes/2019-06-Minutes.md

One important thing that we are trying to address is once students learn the basics, where can they go next? We need to find out what students need.

We also discussed the possibility of forming codebar teams. Were a team of people work on a project together. We discussed creating a pilot group of 5 people to see how we could scale this up to the large codebar community.

The idea would be to start these workshops in September.

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Define process for selecting next hosts
The host selection sheet has been completed. A section to add historical data needs to be included and all Barcelona team members need to complete the host rating. There is a possibility of adding more dates to the calendar, but this will not happen until September. There is a possibility of having a session in August, although it might be a more social session.

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages

> David attended the monthly organizer's meeting and discussed why it is important for the Barcelona chapter to have an explanation in three languages. Some of our students do not speak English, and we need a way for them to feel welcome and safe during the workshops. There is a possibility to translate the entire website. The translation project can be turned into a workshop. It will be a good way to include our students and it's a great way to learn git. There is a UX designer from London who is working on redesigning the landing page so that the page can be in different languages. It will take some time for the redesign to be completed, but the project is progressing.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
David attended the monthly organizer's meeting and discussed why it is important for the Barcelona chapter to have an explanation in three languages. Some of our students do not speak English, and we need a way for them to feel welcome and safe during the workshops. There is a possibility to translate the entire website. The translation project can be turned into a workshop. It will be a good way to include our students and it's a great way to learn git. There is a UX designer from Oslo(?¿) who is working on redesigning the landing page so that the page can be in different languages. It will take some time for the redesign to be completed, but the project is progressing. To follow the progress: https://github.com/codebar/chapter-organiser-meetings/issues/17
```

Reviewer: the ux designer is not from London and I've added the link to the issues.

Reviewer: @amaliacardenas could you commit this suggestion? (it is on your fork repo, I cannot)

> 

Reviewer 2: David, thanks for participating and sharing the update.

## Pride Month
The idea is to bring together different collectives from various companies and organize a social event. David, Raquel and Amalia will work together on this initiative. We will contact several people from Thoughtworks and Typeform to get the initiative going.

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## On-boarding process document
The on-boarding document has been created and has been merged. We also tested the document with Raquel and Salva during an on-boarding session. If the document needs to be updated, members can create a PR to update.

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**

## E-mail templates
Amalia will follow up with the London team to see if the Barcelona team can have codebar emails.

As a group we identified that it can be confusing to know who i should answer an email if we get contacted by somebody. In order to make things more clear, we decided to add a "on call" field on the trello card for each workshop that we are organizing. The person who is on call for that week, is responsible for answering codebar emails.    

> 

Reviewer 2: This is a bit confusing, there are cards per event and one event is "under preparation" for two weeks.
I think mixing the "on call" responsible in the event cards is not correct. They are independent processes.

What we can do is to add a new column "on call", put one card per person, and put on top the person on call that week. After each week, the one on top goes to bottom and the next in line is "on call". Also we can do this in slack in our #barcelona-org channel "topic". 

Can we keep the implementation on hold and discuss it again next month?

Reviewer 2: Another option is a simple reply to barcelona@codebar.io saying "I reply this tonight" or similar.

Reviewer 3: Its a good point @jmbriano , while it does not change the functionality, the way to display it is more explicit, and it would help to prevent to forget defining the role for the workshop owner (like i did this week *cough* :sweat_smile: )

Reviewer 3: about the reply to barcelona@codebar.io, my concern is that, not everyone pays attention 24/7 to the email (specially me :laughing: ) and if i don't see the email inmediatly, i can't do the reply, probably i'd see the email in the afternoon / night and just reply it directly

Reviewer: the objectives is not to answer straight away but in a timely manner and that there is no collusion.
so sending another mail to barcelona@codebar.io won't work, the same as using slack. we are not online 24/7.
Having an new columns in the troll for on-call looks ok for me. Let's try it!

The Instagram account is open now. Raquel has the passwords. Amalia will create a last Pass account to manage the passwords and will share it with the group. Raquel has a lot of ideas of ways to improve the Instagram account and will add a readme file with the hash tags, and how instructions on how to upload content and when to upload content so that other organizers can help manage the Instagram account.  

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**
This initiative is **ongoing** and should be included in next month agenda.

## Cloning RGSoC
We have decided to pilot a program called codebar teams, and not organize a RGSoC clone.  

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**

## Hosting events at King
At the moment we only have an opening in October. Once we start planning for 2020 we will contact the King team to book more dates. We will work with the team at King to simplify the organization of workshops so that we can have the event happen at king more regularly.

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
This initiative can be **closed**

# Adding a community manager
Lori will ask around to see if there is somebody interested in taking on this role.  

> 

Reviewer 2: Can someone share the objective behind this initiative? is it to get more students? more coaches? a better image?

Reviewer 3: One of the reasons this popped up was because the "on call" for email responses, to see if it would be interesting to have a dedicated person for this, and the idea of community manager came up, as a person who could have more responsability, but also provide some additional value, such as the ones you're mentioning @jmbriano . 

It was a bit of a brainstorming, and just saying that we can explore it and see if it is worth having or not :)
